>> Estelle Weyl: Okay, so next we
have the background-repeat property.
So the default for
background-repeat is actually repeat.
And unfortunately, the contrast
looks really good on my screen.
It doesn't look quite as good up there so
let me see if I actually do this.
>> Estelle Weyl: No,
just changes my screen,
doesn't change anyone else's, okay,
oops.
>> Estelle Weyl: Am I not in control?
Okay, okay.
So sorry about the contrast
not being that strong, but
we have repeat which repeats it.
And let's just show you, repeat.
Who would ever want to do
that to their website?
It depends on your image actually, right?
No-repeat is what I'd originally
put there and it did not repeat so
the circle's in the upper
right hand corner.
Repeat-x repeats along the x axis,
repeat-y repeats it along the y axis.
This is probably not new to anyone.
But these two values have been around,
which is space.
Now the difference between space and
repeat and
I'll show you space again.
>> Estelle Weyl: Notice
space has no cut off background images.
It added space between all the images and
cut off the one that was halfway cut off.
So I'm just gonna show
that to you one more time.
Repeat, you see there's more here
than there were when I did space.
So here if I actually had a background
of black on the page and I repeated
this image, which if it had a white
background then the white would show.
And that's not really nice,
that might not be what you want.
So there's a solution for
that, which is around.
And here they actually changed
the size of the image so
that it takes up all the space.
So it's also just like repeat,
just like space, there's none cut off but
the first one, space, put space between
the background images and this one changes
the size of the background image
>> Estelle Weyl: And
just so we can read the whole deck,
I'm gonna go back to no-repeat.
And here you can see what it says,
repeated as often as will fit
without being clipped then scaled so
no space is in between.
Where space is repeated as often
as will fit without being clipped,
spaced out evenly.
Next we have
the background-attachment property.
And I think this slide deck doesn't work.
We have fixed, local, and scroll.
So usually when you have
a background image on
an element,
>> Estelle Weyl: If you saw here,
with this, right, if I actually
scroll down the page, that image,
it depends if the div was scrolling or
if I was scrolling the page.
If I was scrolling the page,
the background image would just go
off the page, but
if I was scrolling just within a section,
that background image
would stay where it was.
So here,
if I do fixed, it's actually
fixed in a location that happens to
not be behind this box right here.
So it's fixed, oops!
It's fixed, but not in a visible location.
Here, if I do local,
>> Estelle Weyl: It's
here and it moves with it.
And then If I do scroll,
it stays exactly where it is.
So that's that property.
Now we have background-position.
So everyone thinks they know
background-position, but there's something
quirky about background-position
that most people don't think about.
So the reason that there's
a four grid box there
is to show you where the image
is actually ending up.
Right now it says
background-position 75% 75%.
That means this mark right here,
which is a 75th percent of my square,
right, this is the background image?
And this is a 75th percent mark of that.
It's three quarters of
the way down from the top and
three quarters of the way from
the left and it is positioned exactly
three quarters of the way across and
three quarters of the way down.
So if you were to say 50 50,
>> Estelle Weyl: This box is positioned,
the middle of this box is
positioned at the 50% mark.
If you were to say 25%,
>> Estelle Weyl: 25%,
it is this spot in this image
that is positioned there.
And so if this doesn't make sense,
let me just switch it over to 0 and
0 and 0 and 0.
So it is the 0% mark of that image
that is in the upper left hand corner.
Because if I change it to 100%,
right?
>> Estelle Weyl: It
is the 100% mark of that background image.
So usually, if it's 500 pixels wide,
let's say this div was 500 pixels wide.
If I said background-position 500 pixels,
it would be off the page.
But in percentages,
what it does is it takes your image,
finds the percentage marks in that image,
and places that at that dot.
And that is why the 100% mark right
now of that image is in the 100% mark.
And if I do 90%,
>> Estelle Weyl: So you see basically I'm
putting the green dot at the 90% part
of the parent which also happens to
be 90% mark of the background image.
Is that making sense?
And is that actually something
that's new to people?
Kinda never thought of it before, maybe.
Maybe some of you have, okay.
So what we also have that's not that
commonly known is that you can position
your background image
relative to any corner.
So most people think it can only position
relative from the top left corner.
But you can actually say make
this 50 pixels from the right and
50 pixels from the bottom.
And that's why it's here.
So if I do 150 pixels from the right.
This is not an interactive slide,
sorry, the next one is.
150 pixels from the right and
150 pixels from the bottom.
So you can use left and
right and top and bottom.
And let's just go back to that rectangle
because I've never done this before.
If I say background-position,
bottom, oops,
right,
>> Estelle Weyl: So
it's the 90th percent mark from the bottom
right that's being positioned at
the bottom right part.
>> Estelle Weyl: Let's just see left.
>> Estelle Weyl: Yep, nope, well,
my little thing doesn't actually show.
That doesn't work right,
but we'll leave it.
You get the idea.
Okay, so
that's a 4-value background-position.